Documentation: Update documentation about android and tizen web application (#362)
nnstreamer/nnstreamer-example: android/README.md

* __Android Platform Guide__: If you are going to build Android rootFS from scratch for NNStreamer, then refer to [this guide](https://github.com/nnstreamer/nnstreamer-example/tree/master/android/android_platform_guide.md).
This guide is _only_ suitable for Android platform developers or system guys.

> Also, we provide a [single APK integration](https://github.com/nnstreamer/nnstreamer-android) of NNStreamer and ML API.
> This application is a solution for on-device Machine Learning Operations (MLOps) and provides end-points to ML task.
> 
> * __Android App using MLOps Solution__: If you want to make an Android Application without dependencies such as `aar`, then refer to [this guide](/android/kotlin_app/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, we provide a [single APK integration](https://github.com/nnstreamer/nnstreamer-android) of NNStreamer and ML API.
This application is a solution for on-device Machine Learning Operations (MLOps) and provides end-points to ML tasks.

* __Android App using MLOps Solution__: If you want to make an Android Application without dependencies such as `aar`, refer to [this guide](/android/kotlin_app/README.md).
```

Author: Updated All!
Thank you 👍
